Ma Xiaoyu snatches 80kg
Flat lift 100kg
Total weight 180 kg
In case you don't get the name of the stick, grab 100 per kilogram.
Flat lift 100kg
Total weight 100 kg 220 kg
Lin Yaozu from Linjia Village
140 kilograms of wine
Eternal lift 160kg
Total weight 300kg
It seems that our city's championship cup and medicine group have passed
But it's my best place
The seedlings of the neighboring village?
Really apologize
My senior brother Lin Jianguo is the coach of Lin's village
Unfortunately, he retired due to injury
Otherwise he would definitely win the world championship
Hello, I'm trying out for the Olympics.
You are so thin
Is there an athlete?
No, but I have received professional training
Professional shit
Judges
Don't listen to this woman's nonsense inside
Pulling his dad is a dirt
In our village, it's a big shit
Lin Yaozu, my father is also your uncle
How can you say that about him?
Don't you forget.
Your sports foundation was also given to you by my father
Taught me two gym classes
I still have to be grateful to him, Dade.
Do you see it?
That coach Wang is my mentor
If you're not an athlete, don't make trouble.
Where did you come from?
You are just as trash as your father Lin Jianguo
Garbage should stay in the trash
You are Lin Jianguang's girl
Yes my coach is my dad
everyone
Give this little girl a chance
I don't think it's necessary
You see how weak she is
How can there be any athlete's spirit?
I just didn't eat well
I'll try to eat and regain my strength
Ha ha.
And a little hypoglycemia
I'll recover right away
I, Tanhead, have never smoked anyone
Today for this little girl
I implore you.
Give him a chance to show himself
For us
It may be delayed for a few minutes.
clock time
But for this little girl
The impact may be his whole life.
That's what it hurts
All right.
Let the little girl try
little girl
Come on, thank you Uncle Zhang